
Assign 12 que 5,7

main() never declared as inline


Return data type is not consider in  Function Overloading
By using Function Overloading we can achive polymorphism in c++.

default arg should be given from R to L
















Data member - also called field,property,attribute
Member function - methods , operations, behaviour, message













Access specifire- defines the accessibility of data member,Member functions


Private - Can access inside the same struct/class in which it is declared
	  Generally data members should declared as private.
public -  Can access inside the same struct/class in which it is declared as well as 		  inside out side function(like main()). 
	  Generally member functions should declared as public.











"this" Pointer
->When we call member function using vari/object implicitily one parameter 
is passed to that function is called as "this" pointer.
->"this" is a keyword in cpp
->"this" pointer always stores address of current object or calling 
object.
->thus every member function of  class/struct refer this pointer which is a 1st
parameter of member function.
->this is a constant pointer.





















Diffrance between class and struct in cpp is - all the members of class is by default private and all the members of struct in cpp is by default public.




























class - User define data type.
Object -variable of class is called object
	object gets physical memory.


"class" as a blueprint of object






















characteristics of object
1.State - determined by the value of data member
2.Behavior- member function decides behavior of object.
Calling the same member function on two objects having diff state will show diff behavior.
3.Identity- every object has a characteristic that makes the object unique. In cpp every object has unique address.






















Types of member function
Constructor
Destructor
Mutators/setter
inspector/getter
facilitator












Empty Class

	A class which do not have any Data member or member function is
called as the Empty class.

- We can create an object of a empty class.
- Size of an object of a empty class is 1 byte.


















Namespace
-used to avoid name ambiguity in case of globle variable,function,classes
-Logical grouping of variable , function, enum, structure, class, namespaces.
-to achive logical modular


































 
